>> James Halliday: We
talked about curl already.
There's a lot of different
options to curl.
I really recommend that
if you get the time and
you wanna go through the manual for
curl, it's well worth your time.
Because you can do all kinds of things
with curl, like sending post requests.
If you're running HTTP servers at all or
if you need to interface with HTTP APIs.
You can do things, like a curl- X POST,
which will send a post request.
And you can do something, like do a file
upload with T and T- from standard in.
So some API service you're
running locally, like that, so
you can do all kinds of fun stuff.
Or you can do a form upload with -d.
And that lets you set different fields.
So user=whatever -d
hello=blah, to d.
So curl is certainly worth your time.
I don't wanna get too much into it here.
I will get more into it on one of
the other workshops about the networking.
All of the kinds of things
that you can do with curl.
But curl is very excellent
to have in your tool belt of
things that you can kinda
keep on the top of your head,
cuz it just comes up all the time
dealing with HTTP servers.
So one fun thing you can do with curl and
GitHub is GitHub has a special URL.
So you can take anyone's
GitHub account name and
go to github.com/substack, for example.
Then add .keys at the end of that.
And you'll get a list of
all of their public keys.
So here we've got a bunch of output,
like an old RSA key that I guess
they still have on GitHub.
We have some ed25519 keys, so
I can use grep to pull those out.
>> James Halliday: Here,
we can see what those look like.
We can use some of the other commands
that we've been dealing with,
like head, to get the first one.
>> James Halliday: We can even
use sed to cut out the first bit.
Or actually, I would use awk for that.
I won't go into that,
but you can do things,
like this with awk, to print out
the second field in the result.
Very handy little tools that you
kinda have to know about them.
And it's sort of not obvious what
they're even called or what they're for.
But they're already installed on
your system, which is really useful.
I'll talk a bit about grep.
And I'm gonna be going
a lot more into grep and
sed in the regular expression
section that's coming up.
But you can use it to search for patterns.
So here, I searched for
the pattern beginning,
like starting from the beginning of
the language is what a caret means.
Searching for
the string ssh-ed25519 to pull out
my 25519 keys not the RSA keys or
the other ones.